A bit of a personal note from me, Robert, before we get to the recommendation. At the time of this writing, AI is the talk of the town. AI, or, what tech calls AI anyway, but is just a type of machine learning, is painted as humorous in this essay, but across multiple industries, it has real consequences. Executives are using AI to avoid paying workers and to avoid paying people what they are worth. Experts are paid pennies to clean up AI garbage. The most egregious violation of all, though, is that it's causing hard working people to lose jobs. Not because AI is supposedly intelligent. It's not. It's just an algorithm. It's causing people to lose jobs because the people that work the hardest, in all industries, are seen as a waste of oxygen and can easily be replaced with machines by people that have never had to care about anybody else but themselves and their financial bottom line. This exquisite narrator you’re listening to has lost work to AI. Audiobook narrators have their voices stolen by tech companies that hate empathy. Writers have their work stolen daily to make billion dollars companies even more money. Visual artists lose clients to AI because wealthy people doing the hiring don't want to pay people. There's a lot more problems, and I don't think we'll be able to recover from powerful people kicking artists in the face unless we start seeing our different disciplines and fellow artists as an untapped community rather than competition. It's easy to get angry at an artist that's making more money than you are in the moment. The systematic dismantling of wealth, though, doesn’t care who you stepped on to climb that ladder because, eventually, the dismantling  will come knocking on your door one day and no one will be around to help you when you need it because you were so focused on climbing the ladder.

This doesn’t apply exclusively to the current AI hype, though. It applies to all future hype as well. I fear future hype will be more predatory and exclusionary. The second you become disposable, you can't outsmart a budget sheet. To that end, support artists you love. Support me, support Sean Crisden, this fabulous narrator, and support all other artists. We need to stand together because, in the end, AI needs us more than we need AI. Sean Crisden’s website is seancrisden.com, where you can find information about his backstage pass offerings. You can support me via the tips/support page on my website, https://sightlessscribbles.com/
